toothless don't move a muscle I wouldn't
destroy everything you love our enemies
are getting smarter we are exposed and
vulnerable
this is our home it's up to us to put an
end to show them what you got bud
let's go
we found the hidden dragon worth I will
destroy everything you love if criminal
succeeds there won't be dragons left
suit up gang
you brought a baby to our battle we have
to protect the hidden world show them
what the more dragons we bring back here
the bigger of a target we become we have
to take the dragons to the hidden worth
where no one will find she's a light
fury
did she just disappear I was destroying
everything you love game face you
brought a baby to a battle I couldn't
find a sitter her he's not the only one
she's a life fury Wow
[Music]
you did she just disappear let's see if
we can find it it's a hidden dragon
worth
[Music]
Sarge we got situation someone took the
ball the ball cute toothless I'm getting
too old for this shift way DPG okay chip
it's kid yeah I need you to feel it it's
cold it's great you're covered in pelts
oh and you're auditioning with some big
Hollywood star oh really
Hey and action hold brother's the Beast
can smell your fear
dragon show yourself sorry I didn't see
that in the script was this opposed to
him not me okay it's your bit all you
need to do is leap on this mark when I
say ah no no no no get back I was just
explaining the Q the Q is ah oh okay
be honest toothless do I come across as
too broody hmm because half the time I'm
just trying to remember where I left my
keys brothers no all of us will see
daybreak
but dragon show yourself
tooth this no no put it down it down
lunch everybody
kaitlin's top-notch mate I got your
salmon
I'm a little confused about my part
really I mean first I'm dead then I'm
not no one knows you my mother is
brothers we have four strong we have
fought hard and we must continue to
fight until our foes are defeated
[Music]
[Laughter]
toothless would you mind if I am
[Music]
can we get them cleaned out please